---
title: second
description: blog description
publish: true
authorName: Corbin Crutchley
---

# second
welcome to the programming podcast. Here you can learn about computers in the brief and accessible way I'm your host. I mean could get hello. Everyone in and this is the first episode of the PODCAST. Old wants to talk about compilers. I picked specifically topic for first episodes. Not only because I think in that understanding how compilers work is essential for us as software engineers but also because I have so special history with them. In my computer percents -education I had two moments in which perceivable impossible tasks became possible. The first one of course was implementing my first pro. I was thirteen or fourteen year old. I entered my first class an informatics. That's how we Has In eastern Europe and I had to implement a program which sums to numbers provided by the user. Of course. This doesn't seem like a industry greats problem to solve but for me it was fascinating because I didn't believe that more tools like me are able to implement programs and sent instructions to the computer. The second point I had was in college. I had data structures class where we had amazing very sharp. Teaching assistant isn't in one of the exercises for trees. He said that's to help us understand the data structure better. We are going to implement an interpreter. Now here I'm seeing an interpreter. Not a compiler but compilers and interpreters they share a lot of counties so if you understand how an interpreter mature works. You'll be able to probably understand how a compiler works as well so the next exercise we were supposed to implement our first interpreter her. I couldn't wait. I really wanted to see how I can do that. I thought its compilers. They're viewed by only some special people in companies. Police like Google and IBM and nobody else will be capable of implementing Quan well. I went about